It's obvious who cheats in this game!
This game is too full of bots and cheaters to be any fun for a real human.
The people that cheat the most are always on top of the scoreboard.
Cheating isn't fun for everyone, only for the people who do it.
When people cheat, they diminish themselves, threaten their own self-esteem and their relationships with others..
..by undermining the trust they have in their ability to succeed and be true.
People lie, cheat and bully one another and then wonder why they're unhappy.
Liars, cheaters and abusers don't easily change.
Cheaters get on the long run and honest people don't get far.
The cheaters are the best inventor of the masks to gain their evil desires and even perfect actors..
..to perform falsehood in a way that is hard to doubt immediately.
The only thing a cheater wins is the loss of their dignity.
I can’t control your behavior, nor do I want that burden, ..
..but I will not apologize for refusing to be disrespected, lied to, or mistreated.
Cheating players are people who feed upon the ego you build for them, putting them on a pedestal, ..
..that they are worthy of excusing for anything they do to you.
The more people rationalize cheating, the more it becomes a culture of dishonesty, and that can become a vicious downward cycle.
The first and worst of all, fraud is to cheat one's self. All sin is easy after that.
He who purposely cheats others, would cheat his own God.
I would prefer even to fail with honor than to win by cheating.
Cheating is a form of self-deception. We cheat ourselves when we coast on the efforts of others.
What thing in life can be worse than being the person who does the cheating? Not saying anything about it and going along with it.
It is better to suffer wrong than to do it, and happier to be sometimes cheated than not to trust.
It is helpful to think of people as having two fundamental motivations:
the desire to see ourselves as honest, good people, and the desire to gain the benefits that come from cheating.
It is the nature of ambition to make men liars and cheats:
to hide the truth in their breasts, and show, like jugglers, another thing in their mouths.
Human nature dictates there will always be cheaters inevitably.
Where there's money involved or glory, there are going to be people that cheat, and there will always be ways to cheat.
People have a moral standard about what they will and will not do:
Someone who cheats has a lower moral standard than someone who does not. They will cheat in other areas of life as well.
Doubtless the pleasure is as great of being cheated as to cheat.
We have to distrust each other. It is our only defense against betrayal.
Cheating is deeper than people realize, it destroys their outlook on life, their future, and peace within themselves.
Do unto others as you would have them to do unto you:
Don't deceive if you don't want to be deceived. Don't cheat if you don't want to be cheated.
It is better to believe an obvious lie, than to swallow a deceitful truth.
Tricks and treachery are the practice of fools that don't have mind enough to be honest.
