Wake up, Mr. Freeman. Wake up, and smell the ashes.
The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world.
Only you know what you need to do, but I'm sure you're even more disappointed in yourself than I am.
I don't know what you can possibly hope to achieve, apart from your own annihilation.
No matter how many times I've been relocated, I never get used to it.
They're always departing but they never arrive... and the ones that do arrive... they never leave... 
Don't drink the water. They put something in it to make you forget. I don't even remember how I got here. 
This must be a mistake. I got a standard relocation coupon, just like everybody else.
This is how it always starts. First a building, then the whole block. 
Was that you knocking? I didn't even know we still had a door.
Psst! Hey you! In here!
Head for the roof! There's no time to lose!
Get in here, quick!
Get going!
Go on, I'll hold 'em.
Hey, cut it out!
Stop that!
Watch it, will ya?
No more!
That's enough of that.
The line starts at the end.
You'll have to wait your turn like everybody else.
You gotta be damn hungry to wait in line for this crap.
I don't know about you, but I'm ready to join Civil Protection just to get a decent meal.
New in town, aren't ya?
Word to the wise: keep it to yourself.
If I talk to you out here, we'll both be in trouble.
We can't be seen talking to each other.
I'd like to help you, but it's out of the question.
Stay back, you'll attract unwanted attention.
I can't be seen talking to you. Not out here.
You're scaring off the pigeons.
They're definitely coming in here!
It was just a matter of time!
Run for your life!
Here they come!
Oh no. Now we're really gonna get it.
This doesn't look good.
Here goes the rest of the neighborhood!
If you're looking for a place to stay, you better keep going.
Thank God someone had the courage to do that.
Put that down!
Hey, you're gonna bring trouble down on all of us!
They'll be looking for you now!
You'd better run! There's nothing else you can do here!
Be glad you're not the guy they're looking for. Poor bastard doesn't stand a chance.
They're flooding areas up ahead with Manhacks. You'd better get going before they sweep through here.
You made it just in time. We've got to clear out of here before we're discovered.
It's too late! Stand back!
Hey, look, thanks for the help, but you'd better get out of here.
We'd better hurry. We've got to tear this camp down and get out of here.
Get going, Dr. Freeman. I can see Eli was right about you.
I'd get into the basement if I were you. We're bracing for an attack.
Okay, Doc, you'll have to go on foot from here.
There's a secret path along the cliffside, but no one's going anywhere until we fight off this attack.
Having you here to fight alongside us will make a big difference for morale.
You made it!
One man alone wouldn't stand much chance going in there, but a man with a pack of Antlions... well, that's a different story.
If you can hold them off, I'm almost done here.
The manhacks just keep coming. They're never gonna stop!
I won't hold it against you.
Could we talk about this later?
You're talking to yourself again.
I'll put it on your tombstone.
You and me both.
That's one way of looking at it.
Have you ever had an original thought?
Let's concentrate on the task at hand.
That's more information than I require.
You should nip that kind of talk in the bud.
I can't remember the last time I had, well, anything.
Wouldn't be the first time.
You sure about that?
Can't you see I'm busy?
Look out below!
And things were going so well.
Should we bury him here?
I had a feeling even he couldn't help us.
Well, now what?
Dibs on the suit.
Wait a second... that's not Gordon Freeman!
He's done this before. He'll be okay.
I don't think this war's ever gonna end.
When this is all over I'm... aw, who am I kidding?
You smell that? It's freedom.
I'm pretty sure this isn't part of the plan.
Looks to me like things are getting worse, not better.
I'm not even gonna tell you what that reminds me of.
I just knew it was gonna be one of those days.
I'm not sure how to take that.
That's why we put up with you.
Couldn't have put it better myself.
Something must be wrong with me, I almost understood that.
None of your vort philosophy.
Stop, you're killing me!
What did I do to deserve this?
Some things I just never get used to.
Not you, Freeman! You got a job to do.
Yap, yap, yap, why don't you let Freeman get a word in for once?
We sure as hell didn't use guns. We would just wrestle Hunters to the ground with our bare hands.
Out in the field? I'm not going out in the field. I'm a radio operator.
That's it. Leave. You don't need to be here and I'm not going to continue the lesson until you leave.
