Ouch!
That hurt!
Arrgghh!! You shot me!!
My liver! My liver!
That's one for the record!
Right in the eye!
You're not supposed to shoot me, I'm just a reporter!
Shellshocked!
How could you?
Why, oh why?!
I'm down!
Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it.
We all die. The goal isn’t to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet.
It is not length of life, but depth of life.
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
People living deeply have no fear of death.
Live your life, do your work, then take your hat.
For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one.
A man with outward courage dares to die, a man with inner courage dares to live.
No one is actually dead until the ripples they cause in the world die away.
He who is not busy being born is busy dying.
I feel monotony and death to be almost the same.
Death is a challenge. It tells us not to waste time.
What we have once enjoyed deeply we can never lose. All that we love deeply becomes a part of us.
I don’t want to die without any scars.
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Goodbyes are only for those who love with their eyes.
What would life be worth if there were no death?
It matters not how a man dies, but how he lives.
Death will never make sense to your mind.
Death commences too early, almost before you're half-acquainted with life.
Man cannot possess anything as long as he fears death.
Neither fire nor wind, birth nor death can erase our good deeds.
You die twice. Once when you stop breathing, and finally when someone says your name for the last time.
No one really knows why they are alive until they know what they’d die for.
If you’re not ready to die for it, take the word “freedom” out of your vocabulary.
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.
The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.
While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic.
Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities.
No one here gets out alive.
Give me liberty or give me death.
In my end is my beginning.
Life is hard. After all, it kills you.
Everyone dies, but not everyone lives.
Death never takes the wise man by surprise, he is always ready to go.
