Without the self-awareness of metacognition, low-ability people cannot objectively evaluate their competence or incompetence.
Those who are unaware they are walking in darkness will never seek the light.
Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.
A fool always finds something to complain about, and a wise person always finds something to appreciate.
No longer will it seem to be the simplicity of good versus evil, but good versus fools who think they are good.
Only the self-sufficient stand alone; most people follow the crowd and imitate.
To avoid criticism say nothing, do nothing, be nothing.
Never retract, never explain, never apologize; get things done and let them howl.
He who throws dirt always loses ground.
You're never as good as everyone tells you when you win, and you're never as bad as they say when you lose.
It's better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
How much easier it is to be critical than to be correct.
Pretty words are not always true, and true words are not always pretty.
The person who offends writes as if it was written on sand, and the offended reads it as if it were written on marble.
When you're thirsty it's too late to think about digging a well.
Every road has two directions.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
You not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
People who love themselves, don't hurt other people. The more we hate ourselves, the more we want others to suffer.
You will never reach higher ground if you are always pulling others down.
The hardest challenge is to be yourself in a world where everyone is trying to make you be someone else.
One's dignity may be assaulted, vandalized and cruelly mocked, but it can never be taken away unless it is surrendered.
A blind person who sees is better than a seeing person who is blind.
Deal with the faults of others as gently as your own.
Money buys everything but good sense.
Nothing is impossible to the willing mind.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
If you look to others for fulfillment, you will never be truly fulfilled.
Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow.
Gazing at the stars will not save you from the abyss at your feet.
No matter where you go or what you do, you live your entire life within the confines of your head.
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. The opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
Ask not the grass to give you green, and later walk all over it.
We have the ability to survive anything except ourselves.
And what greater might do we possess as human beings than our capacity to question and to learn?
Kindness is a language which the blind can see and the deaf can hear.
People will pay more for lies than for the truth.
It is the beautiful bird which gets caged.
If a thing's worth doing, it's worth doing well.
One generation plants the trees, another gets the shade.
Know thyself to know others, for hearts beat like hearts.
A person's conversation is the mirror of their thoughts.
Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner.
Never wrestle with a pig- you both get dirty but the pig likes it.
Better slow going somewhere than fast going nowhere.
Never hate people who are jealous of you, but respect their jealousy because they think you're better than them.
To some, an obstacle is an excuse to quit, to others it is an opportunity to grow stronger.
Truly great people don't have to go around telling everyone how great they are, everyone already knows it.
Pay no mind to those who talk behind your back because that simply means you're two steps ahead.
If you think only of yourself, You will be the only one thinking of you.
Don't look where you fell, but where you slipped.
It's better to hurt someone honestly with the truth rather than to mislead them with a lie.
If you change the way you look at things, you will change the way you see.
If you argue against yourself, how can you win?
Conflict can not survive without your participation!
The way of the wicked is like darkness; They do not know over what they stumble.
The mocker seeks wisdom and finds none, but knowledge comes easily to the discerning.
Mockers resent correction, so they avoid the wise.
For my mouth shall speak truth; and wickedness is an abomination to my lips.
I don't worry about the haters, they are just angry because the truth I speak contradicts the lie they live.
For someone who doesn't like me, you certainly spend a lot of your time talking about me.
Has anything you've done made your life better?
I think that everybody wants to be heard, and the easiest way to be the loudest is to be the hater.
Love me or hate me. Either way I'm on your mind.
People who try to bring you down are below you.
You don't hate me, you hate yourself and take it out on me.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
Animals don't hate, and you're supposed to be better and smarter than them.
I will permit no man to narrow and degrade my soul by making me hate him.
Announcing I'm offended is telling the world you can't control your own emotions, so everyone else should do it for you.
I'd agree with you but then we'd both be wrong.
I could say nice things about you, but I would rather tell the truth.
You're useful like an ashtray on a motorcycle.
Sorry, my self-absorption got in the way of yours.
Your inappropriateness knows no boundaries.
Being humble shows how confident you are, bragging only shows how insecure you pretend not to be.
You should do some soul-searching. Maybe you'll find one.
You would think with all of your multiple personalities, at least one would be likable!
Relax we're all crazy. It isn't a competition.
